Add hacktoberfest program. Remove year from program titles. Delete gs… (#852)
layer5io/layer5: collections/_programs/hacktoberfest_2020.md

    </ol>
    <ol>
      While small, the Layer5 community represents the largest collection of
      service mesh projects and their maintainers in the world. We build
      projects to provide learning environments, deployment and operational best
      practices, performance benchmarks, create documentation, share networking
      opportunities, and more. Our shared commitment to the open source spirit
      pushes Layer5 projects forward. New members are always welcome.
    </ol>
    <ol>
      <b> Layer5 has a long list of interesting issues coming up for our Hacktoberfest participants! </b>
    </ol>
    <ol>
      Find a list of beginner friendly issues here: <a href="https://github.com/search?q=org%3Alayer5io+label%3Ahacktoberfest&type=issues"> https://github.com/search?q=org%3Alayer5io+label%3Ahacktoberfest&type=issues </a> to make your mark in open-source and move towards successfully completing the Hacktoberfest challenge.
    </ol>
    <ol>
      <b> Fill the Questionnaire about Open Source </b>
    </ol>
    <ol>
      Layer5 is a warm and welcoming community of open source contributors. We are continuously welcoming new members and are looking for your input. 

>       Help us better prepare to support you as you find your way into the world of Open Source by filling up this questionnaire: <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeQmQv6Xrnb69qGUZjHcw6i92jNDXir6WN6sRAHDNRtKUzBUg/viewform">https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeQmQv6Xrnb69qGUZjHcw6i92jNDXir6WN6sRAHDNRtKUzBUg/viewform</a>

Reviewer: Hi @jesuslerma could you just add this Hacktoberfest Meetup event link to this page as well 
`https://organize.mlh.io/participants/events/4796-getting-started-layer5`

  <h3 class="black-text">Hacktoberfest 2020 and Layer5</h3>
  Hacktoberfest is open to everyone in our global community. Whether you’re a developer, student learning to code, event host, or company of any size, you can help drive growth of open source and make positive contributions to an ever-growing community. All backgrounds and skill levels are encouraged to complete the challenge. You can find more information <a href="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/"> here </a>.
 <ul>
    <ol>
      <b> Hacktoberfest is a celebration open to everyone in our global community.</b>
    </ol>
    <ol>
      While small, the Layer5 community represents the largest collection of
      service mesh projects and their maintainers in the world. We build
      projects to provide learning environments, deployment and operational best
      practices, performance benchmarks, create documentation, share networking
      opportunities, and more. Our shared commitment to the open source spirit
      pushes Layer5 projects forward. New members are always welcome.
    </ol>
    <ol>
      <b> Layer5 has a couple of issues ready for hacktoberfest's participants </b>
    </ol>
    <ol>

>       We're preparing an interesting list of issues that will be good for this event. You can found that list <a href="https://github.com/search?q=org%3Alayer5io+label%3Ahacktoberfest&type=issues"> here </a>

Reviewer 2: @jesuslerma  Can you please update the line as "You can find the list ..." ?

Author: Done :)

    </ol>
    <ol>
      <b> Fill the Questionnaire about Open Source </b>
    </ol>
    <ol>
      Layer5 is a warm and welcoming community of open source contributors. We are continuously welcoming new members and are looking for your input. 

>       </p>

Reviewer 2: This closing tag is extra. Can you please remove it @jesuslerma

Author: Done :)

>       Please fill <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeQmQv6Xrnb69qGUZjHcw6i92jNDXir6WN6sRAHDNRtKUzBUg/viewform">this questionnaire </a> so our community can be prepared for a harm welcome for you and other new members.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Help us better prepare to support you as you find your way into the world of Open Source by filling up this <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeQmQv6Xrnb69qGUZjHcw6i92jNDXir6WN6sRAHDNRtKUzBUg/viewform">questionnaire</a>.
```

    </ol>
  </ul>

> Pull requests can be made in any GitHub-hosted repositories/projects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pull requests can be made in any of the Layer5 GitHub-hosted repositories/projects.
```

> You can sign up anytime between October 1 and October 31. You can start hacking <a href="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com">here</a>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may sign up anytime between 1st to 31st October. Begin hacking <a href="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com">here</a>!
```
